Allow GUNMODs to be used to modify guns that get hot not too hot. (#68772)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: doc/JSON_INFO.md

"handling_modifier": 4,        // Improve gun handling. For example a forward grip might have 6, a bipod 18
"mode_modifier": [ [ "AUTO", "auto", 4 ] ], // Modify firing modes of the gun, to give AUTO or REACH for example
"barrel_length": "45 mm"       // Specify a direct barrel length for this gun mod. If used only the first mod with a barrel length will be counted

> "overheat_threshold_modifier": 100,   //The overheat threshold can be added or subtracted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"overheat_threshold_modifier": 100,   // Add flat amount to gun's "overheat_threshold"; if threshold is 100, and modifier is 10, the result is 110; if modifier is -25, the result is 75
```

> "overheat_threshold_modifier": 100,   // Add flat amount to gun's "overheat_threshold"; if threshold is 100, and modifier is 10, the result is 110; if modifier is -25, the result is 75

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"overheat_threshold_modifier": 100,   // Add a flat amount to gun's "overheat_threshold"; if the threshold is 100, and the modifier is 10, the result is 110; if the modifier is -25, the result is 75
```

> "overheat_threshold_multiplier": 1.5, //Change the overheat threshold as a percentage; if 1.5, multiply the original gun threshold by 1.5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"overheat_threshold_multiplier": 1.5, // Multiply gun's "overheat_threshold" on this number; if threshold is 100, and multiplier is 1.5, the result is 150; if multiplier is 0.8, the result is 80
```

> "overheat_threshold_multiplier": 1.5, // Multiply gun's "overheat_threshold" on this number; if threshold is 100, and multiplier is 1.5, the result is 150; if multiplier is 0.8, the result is 80

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"overheat_threshold_multiplier": 1.5, // Multiply gun's "overheat_threshold" by this number; if the threshold is 100, and the multiplier is 1.5, the result is 150; if the multiplier is 0.8, the result is 80
```

> "cooling_value_modifier": 2,          //Cooling_value can be added or subtracted. A value of + means better cooling, and a value of - means less cooling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"cooling_value_modifier": 2,          // Add flat amount to gun's "cooling_value"; works same as overheat_threshold_modifier
```

> "cooling_value_multiplier": 0.5,      //Change the Cooling_value as a percentage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"cooling_value_multiplier": 0.5,      // Multiply gun's "cooling_value" on this number; works same as overheat_threshold_multiplier
```

> "cooling_value_modifier": 2,          // Add flat amount to gun's "cooling_value"; works same as overheat_threshold_modifier

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"cooling_value_modifier": 2,          // Add a flat amount to gun's "cooling_value"; works the same as overheat_threshold_modifier
```

> "heat_per_shot_modifier":  -2,        //You can add or subtract heat_per_shot. If you want to reduce the heat generated, specify a negative number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"heat_per_shot_modifier":  -2,        //  Add flat amount to gun's "heat_per_shot"; works same as overheat_threshold_modifier```

> "cooling_value_multiplier": 0.5,      // Multiply gun's "cooling_value" on this number; works same as overheat_threshold_multiplier

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"cooling_value_multiplier": 0.5,      // Multiply gun's "cooling_value" by this number; works the same as overheat_threshold_multiplier
```

> "heat_per_shot_multiplier": 2.0,      //You can change HEAT_PER_SHOT as a percentage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"heat_per_shot_multiplier": 2.0,      // Multiply gun's "heat_per_shot" on this number; works same as overheat_threshold_multiplier
```

> "heat_per_shot_modifier":  -2,        //  Add flat amount to gun's "heat_per_shot"; works same as overheat_threshold_modifier```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"heat_per_shot_modifier":  -2,        //  Add a flat amount to gun's "heat_per_shot"; works the same as overheat_threshold_modifier
```

> "heat_per_shot_multiplier": 2.0,      // Multiply gun's "heat_per_shot" on this number; works same as overheat_threshold_multiplier

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"heat_per_shot_multiplier": 2.0,      // Multiply the gun's "heat_per_shot" by this number; works the same as overheat_threshold_multiplier
```
